# Group Members: Alexander Prechtel, Matthew Carter-Barkman, Christian Bego, Diana Barreiro, Trace Capel

# Scenarios
1. Bob is a graduate student in university. He knows what classes he needs and wants to take but doesn't know who to take those classes with. He would like to compare the professors to determine which will be the right fit for him. After meeting with his advisor, they tell him how to view the reviews for professors and see the positive and negative reviews. Bob was unaware of this feature at first and now utilizes it for class registration. Bob uses the rating system to pick the best professor for him.
2. Timmy is a graduate student in university. He just finished taking four classes and wants to speak about the pros and cons of each professor he took. Timmy after completion of the classes gets an email asking to rate his experience and give feedback about the professors and classes he took. Timmy uses the rating system to give his thoughts on the professors he took.
3. Sarah is a professor in university. Sarah wants to be able to see feedback to improve her teaching styles. Sarah receives an email from the university each time she is reviewed using the rating system. The system then allows her to reply to the review giving a defense/thoughts on the review to add clarification or other insight.
4. Billy is a professor in university. Billy needs to be able to remove negative feedback given to him by a former student who was kicked out of his class for multiple incidents. That student then went on to leave a negative review with many false statements in an attempt to damage the reputation of the professor. Billy needs to be able to report and remove the negative review from the rating system.
5. Miranda is planning her next semester and needs to take "Software Engineering" She wants to find the best professor based on past student experiences. She uses the platform and searches for the course, showing her a list with the professors that teach that course. Then she filters the results based on the style of teaching, how hard it is and the workload.  After comparing she selects a class with the professor that best fits her.
6. Miranda is considering taking "Software Engineering" but she wants to check if it would be too hard to do with her other classes. She starts searching for the course, seeing the reviews of other students who attended class in the past. Then she checks how it would be comparing with the information she has with the classes she's gonna take. After comparing and analyzing she takes a decission.
7. Miranda has to take "Software Engineering" next semester, and she wants to see which would be the best secion to take. She uses the platform and searches for the course and displays all available sections with their professor. Next to each section, there's a 'global rating' for each one, so she can quickly compare and do more in-depth research selecting on one. After reviewing the options, she compares the data and takes a decision.
8. Miranda is considering taking "Software Engineering", but after checking the reviews, she thinks it's not the best fit for her. She starts searching for the course, seeing the reviews of other students who attended class in the past. After analyzing the data she thinks it's too hard for her and decides to see an alternative option. The platform suggests some similar classes based on her search she may need for her degree. She selects one of this alternatives and starts comparing reviews to see if it would be a good fit.
9. Davey Dave, age 20, is a student at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. Born and raised in Charlotte, Davey loves to mess around with technology. Davey is attending UNCC with his eyes set on a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science. Though he is currently a sophomore, Davey dislikes the overall registration process for his courses and wishes there was an easier way to get the information he needs.
10. John Doe, age 43, is a professor at the same university as Davey. Growing up in Philadelphia John always had a passion for helping and teaching others. He channeled this passion at the University of Pennsylvania to get a bachelor’s degree and later a master’s degree in Mathematics to become a teacher. Now that John has been teaching for over 10 years he has seen the stress and frustration registration season brings for students and is looking for a way to help his students.
11. Jane Doe, age 41, is a high school teacher at Lake Norman Charter who loves her job. Born and raised in Charlotte, Jane moved to Pennsylvania to pursue her dream of becoming a teacher. Since she had always loved writing, Jane obtained a bachelor’s degree in English to share her love of writing with kids. Naturally, as the wife of John Doe and fellow teacher, Jane has heard all about the struggles incoming and current students face during course registration time and has been looking for solutions to better prepare her students for college life.
12. Billy Bob, age 19, is also a student at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. Growing up in Kansas City, Billy has always dreamed of going to college. While Billy does not know what his major will be so far he has been enjoying his college life but dislikes the registration process. As of now, Billy is looking for a way to have everything he needs for registration in one place for easy access.
13. Sarah is a student at UNCC who is looking for courses for the upcoming semester. She opens the course selection app to help her narrow down her options. She enters her preferred time slots and classes, and the app displays a list of courses that match. This makes it easy for Sarah to quickly choose her classes without worrying about overlapping schedules.
14. James is a student who is unsure which professor to pick for his history class. He wants to make sure he picks a professor that isn’t tough on grading. Using the app, James reads through reviews and ratings from other students on the professors teaching the class. After comparing, James chooses the professor with the best reviews.
15. Emma is trying to find a course that fits into her schedule, but she doesn't know which sections are open. She uses the app to enter her needed course and time, and the app instantly shows which sections are available and whether there is a waitlist. Shecan also see other course options that fit her schedule, reducing the stress of finding a class. She gets a spot in the course she wanted and feels relieved.
16. Ryan has already decided which courses he wants to take but wants to register as quickly as possible. He uses the app to double-check course meeting times and professor information before proceeding to register. The app allows him to complete his registration with a few clicks, making the process fast and efficient. He finishes registering without any issues.
17. Jim Joe, who is 21 yrs old, is a student at the University of North Carolina at Chapelhill. Born and raised in Raleigh, Jim grew up learning about programming and was madly infatuated with computers. Jim Joe is attending UNCC with the intention of earning a bachelor's degree in Computer Science. Though he is currently a Junior, Jim does not like the overall registration process for his courses and wishes there was an easier way to get the information and reviews he needs for his overall decision on the classes he may take.
18. Cathy Simmons is a 35 yr old Professor at UNC at Greensboro, and have been teaching Biology for over 7 years. Cathy graduated from NC State with a Masters in Science, and since then has committed to helping her students achieve the same goal. What bothers Cathy however, is the lack of feedback about her classes that she can read and learn from. The university does not host a feedback platform, and Cathy is unable to figure out a site that hosts real reviews from her students.
19. Sam Stone is a worker at The Office of the Registrar for UNCC, and has been getting messages from students passed on from his higher-ups. To manage resources, however, Sam and his team decides the best course of action, is to find a service already available, which helps students find their course schedule and ratings of the professors from the viewed class.
20. Daniel, a 27-year-old graduate from UNCW, is returning back to UNCW for his Masters in Software Development. Because of his 4-year hiatus from anything school-related, Daniel is rather confused about how the registration process works or how to find the best classes where the professor matches his learning style. Daniel loves simplicity, and after meeting with his advisor to start planning his courses, he was left frustrated with this ideal. Daniel wants to have a program or site available, that neatly lays out the information of classes and professors in a view that's easy to follow, and quick for a student to decide their section for a course.

# User Stories
1. As a Student, I want to be able to see who is a good professor and who is not.
2. As a Student, I want to leave feedback on professors for classes I just took.
3. As a professor, I want to be able to view feedback given on me to improve my teaching.
4. As a professor, I need to be able to remove false feedback given to me by a student.
5. As a student researching classes, I want to compare professor reviews for a specific class, so that I can choose the professor who I think fits better with my preferences.
6. As a student, I want to read student reviews, so that I can make an informed decision on the best class to take for my degree requirements.
7. As a student, I want to quickly compare professor ratings, so that I can select the section that best fits my learning preferences.
8. As a student, I want to browse a list of classes that are similar and may match my major, so that I can choose classes that are easy and I need to graduate.
9. As a student, I want to have an easier time registering for courses by having critical information available to me.
10. As a professor, I want to help my students relax during registration time by finding unique tools that will help them like RateMyProfessor.
11. As a teacher, I want to better prepare my students for college life by sharing with them simple applications that show critical information like professor ratings and course reviews to students.
12. As a student, I want to be able to see how good a professor is in relation to the course I will be taking.
13. As a student, I want to be able to search for courses by time slots so that I can find classes that fit my schedule.
14. As a student, I want detailed information about professors including number ratings and also student testimonials.
15. As a professor, I want to be able to read reviews left by students and have the ability to appeal poor ratings.
16. As a university advisor, I want to be able to give recommendations based on reviews and ratings.
17. As a student, I want to have an easier time registering for courses by having critical information available to me.
18. As a professor, I want to be able to know ways to improve my classes, based on reviews from my students in my class
19. As an Office of Registrar employee, I want a service or client that is readily available to use our API and accurately display class information and reviews
20. As a returning student, I want to have a neat, simplistic registration design, that makes my registration process easy and fast

# Feature List
1. Rating System: Positive/Negative Ratings
2. Report/Removal System: To remove bad reviews
3. Feedback/Comment Box: To leave comments
4. Reply Feature: Let professors reply to feedback
5. Search classes
6. Display list of sections/professor with rating
7. A unique UI that displays the professor rating in relation to the course the user has selected
8. A simple dropdown menu that will cleanly show every available course a professor has taught and information about the course.
9. Rating confidence score: a number that indicates how reliable a score is. More reviews and moderation/approval of submitted reviews will boost this score. For example, a professor with a ⅕ rating but only 1 student review will have a low confidence score.
10. Clean and simplistic UI, making things easy to find
11. Shows the most favored and most critical reviews, all verified and real for professors to view
12. Provides course information for students, allowing them to have reviews and course information all in one place
13. Works with API's to provide a faster, easy to use, and more accurate search of courses

